capital = 525 #Jeju Island

oob = "FKR_1936"

add_ideas = {
	#laws
	tot_economic_mobilisation
	service_by_requirement
	closed_economy
}

set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.85
set_fuel_ratio = 1.0

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	transport = 1
	future_infantry_equipment = 1
	future_mechanized_equipment = 1
	attack_heli = 1
	transport_heli = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
		future_light_hull = 1
		future_cruiser_hull = 1
		future_carrier_hull = 1
		future_submarine_hull = 1
		future_naval_module = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "FKR_1936_naval"
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		future_destroyer_legacy = 1
		future_light_cruiser_legacy = 1
		future_carrier_legacy = 1
		future_submarine_legacy = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "FKR_1936_naval_legacy"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		future_modern_tank_chassis = 1
		future_modern_tank_modules = 1
		future_modern_tank_weapon = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		future_modern_tank = 1
		future_modern_tank_aa = 1
		future_modern_tank_artillery = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		future_jet_fighter_airframe = 1 
		future_jet_fighter_weapon = 1
		future_jet_fighter_modules = 1
	}
	set_air_oob = "FKR_1936_bba_air"
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		future_jet_multirole = 1
		future_jet_CAS = 1
		future_jet_strat_bomber = 1
	}
	set_air_oob = "FKR_1936_air"
}


set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 70
	fascism = 15
	communism = 15
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = FKR_eom_hyunsung
recruit_character = FKR_jeon_jingu
### 정치 고문 ###	
recruit_character = FKR_ahn_changho 
recruit_character = FKR_chang_duksooo 
recruit_character = FKR_heo_jeong 
recruit_character = FKR_hong_myunghee 
recruit_character = FKR_jang_myeon 
recruit_character = FKR_kim_byungro 
recruit_character = FKR_kim_gyusik 
recruit_character = FKR_kim_sungsoo 
recruit_character = FKR_lee_dongnyeong 
recruit_character = FKR_lee_siyoung 
recruit_character = FKR_rhee_syngman 
recruit_character = FKR_shin_ikhee 
recruit_character = FKR_song_jinwoo 
### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = FKR_chae_byungdeok
recruit_character = FKR_choi_yongdeok
recruit_character = FKR_jung_ilkwon
recruit_character = FKR_jung_keungmo
recruit_character = FKR_lee_seunggi
recruit_character = FKR_son_wonil
recruit_character = FKR_yoon_ilseon
recruit_character = FKR_hong_saik
recruit_character = FKR_kim_seokwon
recruit_character = FKR_lee_eungjoon
recruit_character = FKR_lee_jongchan
recruit_character = FKR_song_hoseong
recruit_character = FKR_won_youngdeok
recruit_character = FKR_park_okgyu
recruit_character = FKR_jang_deokchang
recruit_character = FKR_park_wonseok
recruit_character = FKR_baek_suhnyeop
recruit_character = FKR_ji_cheongcheon
recruit_character = FKR_kim_jeongryeol
recruit_character = FKR_kim_jongoh
recruit_character = FKR_lee_beomseok
recruit_character = FKR_lee_hyungkeun
recruit_character = FKR_kim_hongil
recruit_character = FKR_baek_inyeop
recruit_character = FKR_song_yochan
recruit_character = FKR_shin_sungmo
recruit_character = FKR_shin_hyunjun
recruit_character = FKR_yoo_jaeheung
recruit_character = FKR_lee_hanlim
recruit_character = FKR_jang_doyoung
recruit_character = FKR_chae_myungshin
recruit_character = FKR_lee_yongwoon
recruit_character = FKR_ham_myungsoo
recruit_character = FKR_kim_gyuseop
recruit_character = FKR_yi_wu
recruit_character = FKR_yi_geon
recruit_character = FKR_kim_gu
recruit_character = FKR_yi_kang
recruit_character = FKR_yeo_woonhyung
recruit_character = FKR_yi_un

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "세종대왕 급"
		type = ship_hull_light_future_1
		name_group = FKR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_future_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_future_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_future_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_future_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_future_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_future_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_missile_launcher_future_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_future_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "이순신 급"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_future_1
		name_group = FKR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_future_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_future_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_future_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_future_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_future_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_future_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_future_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_missile_launcher_future_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_future_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_future_1
			rear_2_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_future_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "광개토대왕 급"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_future_1
		name_group = FKR_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_future_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_future_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_future_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = no
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "안창호 급"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_future_1
		name_group = FKR_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_future_1 
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_future_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_future_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_missile_launcher_future_1
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
}

###땅끄nsb

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "K2 흑표"
		type = modern_tank_equipment_chassis_future_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = future_tank_cannon_1
			turret_type_slot = future_tank_modern_tank_turret_1
			suspension_type_slot = future_tank_in_arm_suspension_1
			armor_type_slot = future_tank_Composite_Reaction_armor_1
			engine_type_slot = future_tank_hybrid_engine_1
			special_type_slot_1 = future_tank_communication_device_1
			special_type_slot_2 = future_auto_loader_1
			special_type_slot_3 = future_Active_defense_system_1
			special_type_slot_4 = future_Fire_Control_System_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_modern_tank.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "K-30 비호"
		type = modern_tank_aa_chassisequipment_chassis_future_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = future_tank_anti_air_cannon_1
			turret_type_slot = future_tank_modern_tank_turret_1
			suspension_type_slot = future_tank_in_arm_suspension_1
			armor_type_slot = future_tank_Composite_Reaction_armor_1
			engine_type_slot = future_tank_diesel_engine_1
			special_type_slot_1 = future_tank_communication_device_1
			special_type_slot_2 = future_Fire_Control_System_1
			special_type_slot_3 = future_Active_defense_system_1
			special_type_slot_4 = empty
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_modern_tank_aa.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "K9A1 자주포"
		type = modern_tank_artillery_chassisequipment_chassis_future_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = future_tank_howitzer_1
			turret_type_slot = future_tank_modern_tank_turret_1
			suspension_type_slot = future_tank_in_arm_suspension_1
			armor_type_slot = future_tank_Composite_Reaction_armor_1
			engine_type_slot = future_tank_diesel_engine_1
			special_type_slot_1 = future_tank_communication_device_1
			special_type_slot_2 = future_auto_loader_1
			special_type_slot_3 = future_Active_defense_system_1
			special_type_slot_4 = future_Fire_Control_System_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_modern_tank_artillery.dds"
	}
}


###짹짹이bba

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-35B 라이트닝 II"
		type = cv_fighter_airframe_future_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = future_air_to_air_guided_missilee_1
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = future_air_to_air_guided_missilee_1
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = future_bomb_bay_1
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_3 = empty
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_4 = empty
			engine_type_slot = Future_jet_turbofan_engines_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = future_aesa_radar_1
			special_type_slot_2 = future_targeting_pods_1
			special_type_slot_3 = future_missile_approach_warning_1
			special_type_slot_4 = future_head_mounted_display_1
			special_type_slot_5 = future_Electronic_Warfare_System_1
			special_type_slot_6 = future_fighter_communication_device_1
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_jet_multirole.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A-10C 선더볼트 II"
		type = cv_small_plane_cas_airframefighter_airframe_future_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = future_gatling_cannon_1_1x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = future_rocket_launcher_1_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = future_air_to_air_guided_missilee_1
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_3 = future_air_to_ground_guided_missilee_1
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_4 = future_bomb_bay_1
			engine_type_slot = Future_jet_turbofan_engines_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = future_aesa_radar_1
			special_type_slot_2 = future_targeting_pods_1 
			special_type_slot_3 = future_Electronic_Warfare_System_1
			special_type_slot_4 = future_fighter_communication_device_1
			special_type_slot_5 = empty
			special_type_slot_6 = empty
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_CAS.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "B-1 랜서"
        type = large_plane_airframe_jet_bomber_future_1
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = future_bomb_bay_1
            fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = future_bomb_bay_1
            fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = future_bomb_bay_1
            fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_3 = future_bomb_bay_1
            fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_4 = future_air_to_ground_guided_missilee_1
            engine_type_slot = Future_jet_turbofan_engines_1_4x
            special_type_slot_1 = future_aesa_radar_1
            special_type_slot_2 = future_targeting_pods_1
            special_type_slot_3 = future_missile_approach_warning_1
            special_type_slot_4 = future_fighter_communication_device_1
            special_type_slot_5 = future_Electronic_Warfare_System_1
            special_type_slot_6 = empty
        }
        icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/FKR_future_jet_bomber.dds"
    }
}

country_event = {
	id = fkr.1
	days = 3
}